we have a lot to do today I like to
catch up on me in this video the video
you're about to see has a somewhat
flippant and joking tone talking about
serious every matter and I think that
the flippant a joking tone is
appropriate I don't regret that but I'm
adding in this little brief observation
as an intro philosophically i vacillate
between judging people in terms of their
potential to do good in future and
judging them on the basis of their
conduct in the past I couldn't decide
between sweet or savory so I went for a
little bit of both I just have an egg
with some avocado and some mushroom and
then also some peanut butter on toast my
situation with my girlfriend is she
knows if I judge her based on her past
behavior their relationship is over and
it's not just over now it should have
ended a long time ago there were a
series of situations just give one real
real briefly situation before we moved
to Vancouver so we were in Victoria and
we had already paid the money in advance
to I rented an Airbnb in Vancouver we
were enrolled in classes there so we
both put money in the game we both pay
for tuition and this apartment and stuff
and I remember saying to at that point
look your behavior has been so terrible
and I know I'm keeping it vague guys
this is the Internet sometimes it's
appropriate to be fake so look you you
know I would have already broken up with
you here and now in Victoria but because
we're committed to tuition and renting
that apartment I've got to give you
another chance of god I have no choice
I'm forced to give you another up to you
but you should know if your behavior
when we moved to Vancouver is not way
better than it is now look it's not just
that it has to be as good as going to
meeting this standard if you can't turn
things around and start treating me with
you know be sick respect and dignity if
you can't start being
timmi in a very fundamental way if you
can't start living up to a standard
nobody should have to plead for nobody
should have to argue for in a
relationship by the time we're done with
this course it makes you Vancouver then
this relationship is over I do not want
to go to the gym I don't feel like going
to the gym but I'm going to the gym
because sometimes you just gotta go so I
decided to go over to cloud nine because
I've heard so many good things about it
and so far I've been really impressed so
again the rest of this video is a little
bit flippant it's a little bit jokey but
obviously it's a matter that's very
serious for the two of us human
relationships loving relationships are
very fundamentally different than the
relationship between an employer and
employee or say the organizer of a
political movement and the people
adherence to that political movement
it's very very easy when you have the
detachment of a professional setting to
say to someone look you made this
mistake in the past but I'm gonna assume
you learn from that mistake and when I'm
looking ahead I can see your potential
to do good in the future and I can judge
you accordingly I can judge you
according to your potential to do better
to do something positive it's very hard
very hard to judge your own father that
way very hard to reconcile with your
estranged father and say I'm gonna set
aside like 20 years of that experiences
with you and imagine that you can do
better of course what the reasons for
that is the depth of personal knowledge
the depth of the judgment is so much
more profound and the reality is like
you know the extent to which I knew my
father I knew just how little he'd be
able to to change his favor I knew how
little potential there was for it to do
better and I was right
of international UN level or whatever
recognition that ownership of these
objects is in fact global that
stewardship of them may be in various
places the loving relationships we have
in our lives very often what we're
asking people to do is so simple I've
had to say this Melissa
many times by to say to her look I'm not
in the position of asking an alcoholic
to quit drinking alcohol I'm not in the
position of asking a gambler to quit
gambling you know but what I'm asking
from you is so simple and so fundamental
but the question is you know can't can
you do it or not Melissa has done a lot
of things that hurt me she's done a lot
of things that deprive me of my my
really most basic most interval sense of
dignity at a time my life when I was
already in a crisis when to put it this
way I didn't have a lot of sources of
self esteem you know during the last
trip we made to France together you know
she really disrespected me she really
hurt me and on one occasion she did it
in front of my daughter and up to that
point I'd always been able to say well
well it says a lot of bad behavior
Melissa's done a lot of things that hurt
me but she's never done it in front of
my daughter in fact there was one
exception but I was always able to say
okay you know Melissa at least knows at
least I can give her credit for this
that she knows you know to treat me with
a certain kind of dignity you know
wouldn't when my daughter is around and
when she crossed that line broke it
broke my heart it broke my heart even
though my heart had already been broken
so many times even though I'd already
given up on this relationship before
even though it already said to her if
you can't reach this minimum standard
this relationship can't continue so it's
with that much more somber
mm you know warning in mind that I'm now
gonna press play show you what I
recorded before because the decision I
made despite all that suffering and
despite frankly very very little effort
from Melissa to make things better or
address those problems or move on sir
I'm allowed to have an opinion it's not
that you made no effort but you know
it's it's really it's really not enough
it's really been it's really been too
little too late
despite that the decision I made was
okay
you want another opportunity you want an
opportunity to make this relationship
work to make it last forever okay kid
you're wrong you have that opportunity
here it is and when those videos first
broke and you saw images of over 400
children subjected to gasps everybody
expressed outrage how can this happen I
thought I'd do a brief update video
about my real lights on the occasion of
Bonnie Rebecca's announcement that she's
single
Bonnie Rebecca does not take any joy in
letting her subscriber base know that
she's single I wonder I genuinely wonder
what percentage of Bonnie Rebecca's
viewers are male versus female when I
first got started in this game and back
when there was a lot more kind of
constructive conversation between
YouTube channels other YouTube channels
said to me that their their audience was
majority female and that they assumed
this is because vegans were
predominantly female and had always
Rebecca Lee known my viewership is
majority male there's normally a pretty
close split would be like 54 percent
male
something like that you know 55 versus
45 something around that that number but
the other YouTube channels I talked to
you back in those days they were always
really surprised they'd say well my
channel it's almost it's it's
overwhelmingly majority female viewers
and all the other channels I know that
to go at those as majority female
viewers I felt a little bit of a
positive sense of pride a sense of
distinction that maybe the more
hard-edged moralizing content that was
making appealed to a male audience as
opposed to a few audience m and maybe
I'm wrong but today as I've done more
and more videos about politics in
history as have gone away from strictly
vegan and strictly autobiographical
content the percentage of my viewers
that is male has increased and the
perception viewers that his female has
decreased but it has to be it has to be
noted has to be noted that when I went
public with the fact that I had a
girlfriend when Melissa first started
coming on camera my total number of
viewers declined but also the percentage
of my audience that was female decline
something something like a 10% drop
about 10 percent of the female audience
disappeared when I was no longer single
so anyway my situation is very different
from Bonnie Rebecca's situation although
I'm sure profoundly the same home you
know my situation with Melissa lately
has really just been reiterating things
she already knew you know she she begged
me in the past for another chance this
happened had a few different you know
junctures she said please give her a
chance to make the relationship right to
make it work you know forever you know
fundamentally what she wants is for her
and I to be a couple you know until were
you know 85 years old whatever until the
day we die she wants this this
relationship to last forever she wants
this me to be her primary partner for
the rest of her life
and I understand that respect that and
of course we have a lot of things in
common we have a lot of common ground to
build that kind of ratio on and to
sustain the relation for any guy however
it's also true that this relationship
went up to a breaking point it went past
a breaking point repeatedly because of
bad behavior you know on her end and you
know all I've done lately is just
reiterate to her look you asked for
another
chance so I gave you another chance I
can't say it's a second chance I don't
know if it's the fifth chance of the
eighth chance or what now because the
his son we've been through repeatedly
but you know the home I'm currently
living in where I am now in Taiwan I
said look I committed to this for one
year to give you one more chance and
this is it now we've had a bunch of
unexpected obstacles come in our life
since that decision was made and we may
have more I think you know I have no
idea at any given time what my lawyer is
gonna tell me um I have no idea in
theory something to come up in my job
situation and the forcement okay I doubt
it
just beyond both those I doubt it I
think I'm gonna be here for one year in
the same apartment with that same
picture of fruit in the wall and going
to the same view I think this will last
or for twelve months but you know the
main thing I've had to say to my
girlfriend is look you asked for a
chance to make it work well this is it
now my girlfriend she's not unusual this
way people people tend to take these
observations and latch onto them as if
they indicate something really exotic or
unusual psychologically I think I think
she's quite a normal person in this
respect but she does have a little bit
of the mentality of kind of give or give
her an inch and she'll take a mile
both now and in the past when we'd come
back from the brink of breaking up and
I've given her another chance she has
often wanted to leap ahead several
stages or leap ahead by several chapters
in the book but just a couple days ago
she was really bullying me to get like
legally married to her um I don't even
sorry I didn't mean bullying in a bad
way but she was really saying like look
this is our situation I need you to
commit I need you to get you know
legally married to me and I had to just
bring it back down to that the
fundamentals in the situation like okay
the situation was just a short time ago
you know I set down some some red lines
this is Obama arrow lingo God can I I'm
gonna try to never use the term red line
again I didn't set a red line the world
set a red line that was Barack Obama's
political jargon
done with it Obama administration slang
red line but remember you know I said
look you know at this stage of this I
set them on a red line and said if this
doesn't work if you cross this red line
then the relationship is over bring up
and you cross the red line you failed
the test you know it didn't again and
again and again the situation we're in
now is you asked me for another chance
you asked me for another opportunity to
make the relationship work and I gave it
to you and I'm giving it to you and this
is it now you're not going to get
another chance a year you know twelve
months is a long time and I'm sincerely
committed to that it's not like a
cynical thing it's not like I'm doing
this and I'm sabotaging her or I wanted
to fail so it's not like that at all but
you know I think that is normal in human
behavior it's like if somebody just
barely gets their driver's license back
and then they they want a sports car
that's gonna go way faster than the car
they've already got like way way way way
way you need to prove you can drive this
car at all you need to prove you can be
a safe and reliable driver um you know
melissa has not a heretofore up to this
point the when she's been given another
chance to make things right to get the
really [ __ ] back on a good footing she
has not really gone back to basics to
solve the fundamental problems in a
relationship or to do the things that
you know fundamentally kind of I need
her to do to live up to the expectations
I need to live up to nor has she gone
back and addressed and sold the problems
in the past that's still really damaged
me today she has instead tended to kind
of look ahead and race ahead to further
things in the horizon like her wanting
to get married to me immediately and her
wanting to get pregnant and have a baby
with me immediately and I respect that I
really do like it's not just that I'm
flattered that someone is in love with
me and wants to marry me and have a baby
I you know I really do respect it it's
great it's wonderful it's wonderful to
be in a relationship with someone who
wants you in that way and wants to be in
a long-term relationship with you
what is not so wonderful obviously is
being in the situation to having to
remind
look look do you do you not remember
just a short time ago um you went you
know you were weeping and screaming at
me and I I sent email to your parents
and my parents saying we're now broken
up and you know we were looking at
packing our suitcases and being in
separate apartments and the premise the
basis for reconciliation the basis for
getting back together again in giving
you another chance you have to think
through that was another chance for what
that was another chance in order to do
what okay guys I don't know some of you
can learn something from this video or
from my situation my life as it crumbles
as it folds and unfolds I did get a lot
of really appreciative email and
comments in the video messages to people
who really felt they benefited from the
last video I made talking about my
relation with Melissa I think that if I
use the standard of what other youtubers
put on this on this wonderful platform
if I use the standard of what Bonnie
Rebecca and who are my other
contemporaries if I if I look around
with those channels are sharing and what
anyone has to learn from it what they
can benefit from it I can say by that
low standard maybe some of you can
benefit from this but I think America
also recognizes that if the
international community fails to
maintain certain norms standards laws
governing how countries interact and how
people are treated that over time this
world becomes less safe yeah I'm trying
to think if there's anything else I need
to say I wouldn't expect to say to him
on social media or in any of my videos
anytime soon
he still is very much wants nothing to
do with it so that answers your
questions about why I'm you never see
him that's just like for his own mental
health right now and just like can't
deal with social media which is totally
fair enough because it's [ __ ]
not you guys not you guys know
[Music]